travelling from office to client place, and the policy allows the employee to claim up to Rs. 1000/- on actuals, we claim Rs. 800/-. o We produce original bills which we collect from the vendor. We should insist the vendors to provide us with bills that have complete information.. We should avoid accepting bills that carry incomplete information and refrain from making an attempt to complete it by ourselves. o In the records we furnish to the company, we provide correct & complete information about our previous employment, education and compensation. o We avoid accepting any gifts directly or indirectly from vendors of any significant value (chocolates, flowers are ok!) We refrain from engaging with vendors in a relationship that may prejudice a professional assessment of the vendor's products or services. o In addition to our job at WinWire, we do not engage in any activities or additional employment which yields remuneration. We should not engage in any activity which may be 26 | P a g e WinWire Technologies © Confidential in conflict with the company's interests or can distract us from delivering our responsibilities at WinWire. o The Staff is encouraged to refer their friends, family and acquaintances. They would be given a fair chance to be assessed for jobs within WinWire. In the same breath, we stay away from the selection process and do not influence in any manner, their selection into jobs at WinWire. WinWire will hire people on their merit. o We refer any media or external queries about the organization to the HR Team. In the best interest of the organization, it is important that we do not speak to external media unless authorized by the company. o We comply with the rule of law and WinWire policies. o We are committed to the responsible use of WinWire assets. o We place the interest of WinWire, ahead of any personal interest and disclose all facts in any situation where a potential conflict of interest may arise. o We will inform the concerned if, we know of any violation endangering the good interest of WinWire and its employees concerning unethical conduct. o This may sound like stating the obvious yet we thought it would be fit to clarify for the benefit of one and all. Breach of ethics could result in disciplinary action, and a serious breach could even lead to termination from the services of the company. o We will evaluate how we are living up to our code of conduct and business ethics by requesting feedback on a regular basis from our employees. 9.4 Policy on Harassment Free Workplace Introduction: As an organization, WinWire is committed to ensuring that the work environment at all its locations is conducive to fair, safe and harmonious relations between employees. Discrimination and harassment of any type is strictly prohibited. We have a good record of ensuring this culture as part of our existing employee relation practices. Employees are protected from gender discrimination. . We would, however, like