for Leave/PTO unless requested by the Manager to work from home. k) Work From Home cannot be availed during the notice period after submitting the resignation. Additionally, to ensure minimum disruptions to our customers businesses, please make sure of the below aspects: • Everyone working from home must ensure they have proper infrastructure including laptops, internet connection, Dongles, Security tokens, VPN, Access to internal and client/project specific systems. • Ensure complete transparency in Customer Communication and inform them about WFH, share status updates on regular basis and follow defined Customer protocols and processes. • Ensure to follow the process of informing clients, managers, colleagues about WFH, be available throughout the time via MS Teams, phone, email and ensure there are no changes in timelines/milestones. 4.4 Attendance and Leaves: The Attendance system will be under the control and supervision of the HR Department. For the purpose of calculation of holidays in the month, all weekly-off days and any public holiday / holidays falling on days between Mondays to Friday (both days inclusive) will be calculated as holidays to be rostered for all employees. It is mandatory that every employee marks his/her attendance upon arrival and exit on a daily basis through the attendance system, unless the employee has availed the work from home facility or are on approved tour or has gone for the official meeting with prior permission/ approval by the concerned manager. 4.4.1 Time Recording System: Accurate reporting of attendance and working hours is a legal requirement. It is also an important element of accurate accounting practice. Since payment of salary is dependent on this, it is in the employee’s interest to ensure accurate recording of attendance and working hours by using the Attendance System. 4.4.2 Authorized Absence: Employee’s absence from work with prior approval of the concerned manager is known as “Authorized Absence”. Authorized absence from work helps smooth functioning of the operations 14 | P a g e WinWire Technologies © Confidential of the department since it allows the concerned manager to plan the required manpower and also schedule work accordingly. Therefore, under normal circumstances, employees are expected to obtain prior approval of their absence. 4.4.3 Unauthorized Absence: Employee’s absence from work without prior approval of leave or without any communication to the concerned manager would amount to “Unauthorized Absence” from work. Employee will not be eligible to receive any salary for the period of Unauthorized Absence. Apart from not being paid for the period of Unauthorized Absence, the employee will be subjected to disciplinary action as deemed fit by the Company. Before the completion of 12 months, if the employee is absent from work without providing a valid explanation or notifying the Company for a period of more than 5 days, their absence will be treated as “Unpaid Leave” until they resume their service and provide a valid explanation for their absence. After 7 days from the date of “Unpaid Leave”, the employee is deemed to have absconded and thereby, WinWire reserves the right to terminate