Company 10.1 Notice period o Notice period and pay in lieu of notice period. o Every employee must work for the stipulated notice period, or pay in lieu of the notice period. While in probation, the notice period will be 30 days. The notice period after completing probation will be 60 days across job levels. The notice period is applicable for either party. o The decision to waive the notice period or accept payment in lieu thereof rests with the management. o In cases where the termination is initiated by the company, the employee will be paid the stipulated notice pay. However, if the termination is due to “indiscipline or misconduct”, no notice period will be given and notice pay will not be applicable. o In case of termination due to performance issue, no separate notice period will be given in addition to or after the last date of the performance improvement plan. o The Management may withhold the settlement of accounts and issue of relieving letter to an employee who does not comply with the relevant clause pertaining to notice period. o ‘Pay’ for the purpose of notice period means basic pay as per the compensation structure. 10.2 Cessation of Employment Resignation and Separation will be in accordance with the terms and conditions of employment. Normally, leave or sponsorship for training and development is not permitted during notice period. However, based on merits, grant of leave may be considered by the concerned manager. Separation from the company can occur in the following events: o On resignation from the services of the company o On retirement o On being removed from the services or on being dismissed by the company o On the expiry of any fixed contract period o On being found medically unfit to continue working in her/his present responsibility o On death of the employee 10.3 Resignation o An employee, who wishes to leave the services of the company, has to submit a resignation letter by email to the concerned manager and a copy of the same to Human Resource Department. o On acceptance of resignation, a communication in writing shall be given to the employee by reporting manager. o The payroll section will be advised regarding payment of due to the employee after ensuring clearance from all concerned departments. 37 | P a g e WinWire Technologies © Confidential o On the date of reliving employee has to get clearance from Admin, HR, IT, Reporting Manager in the prescribed form 10.4 Retirement o The retirement age is 58. The age-proof certificate that is submitted by the employee at the time of appointment shall be final for determining the retirement date. o The last date of the month in which the employee was born is considered as the date of retirement. o The company also reserves the right of retiring an employee prematurely due to health reasons if, the employee is found to be medically unfit to continue in the current assignment. o The payroll section will