after referred candidate is hired and remains an active employee for 1 month. The referral payout will be made only if the thread/chain/trail mail of the communication exists in the rockstars@winwire.com inbox. The referral bonus payable for different types of job roles will be decided from time to time in company’ s sole discretion. 11 | P a g e WinWire Technologies © Confidential 4. Terms of Employment To ensure that WinWire continues to be regarded as a quality employer who attracts, motivates and retains the best people, we recognize the need to offer attractive and competitive terms and conditions of employment that also fulfill our legal obligations. 4.1 Change in terms and conditions In a dynamic organization change is inevitable. We want to ensure: • We treat all our employees fairly if there is a need to change the ‘terms and conditions’ of employment. • Any change would be in the best interest of the employee and the organization. • All changes to ‘terms and conditions’ will be communicated well in advance. 4.1A Change in the Employee Handbook: The Company’s policies, procedures, and practices are subject to change in accordance with evolving business needs, organizational requirements, and applicable laws and regulations. The Company reserves the right to amend, revise, or update the employee handbook as deemed necessary, in its sole discretion. Changes may include but are not limited to additions, deletions, modifications, or replacements of existing policies, procedures, or practices. Any changes made to the employee handbook shall become effective immediately upon implementation, unless otherwise specified by the Company. It is the responsibility of employees to review and familiarize themselves with the most current version of the employee handbook available through official company channels. 4.2 CTC: Cost to Company (CTC) includes contributions towards Professional Tax, Employee’s and Employer’s Provident Fund contribution, Medical Insurance. All Employee’s contributions and deductions (including Income Tax deductions) as may be applicable from time to time will be deducted from the employee’s salary each month. 4.2.1 Gratuity: The Company for its employees has made applicable provisions under the Gratuity Act 1972 and the applicable rules and regulations made thereunder. The Company has entered into a Scheme with Life Insurance Corporation of India, called “WinWire Technologies India Pvt. Ltd. Employee’s Group Gratuity Scheme” and the company makes contribution to the Scheme from time to time in accordance with the rules. 12 | P a g e WinWire Technologies © Confidential 4.2.2 Provident Fund: The purpose of the Provident Fund (PF) is to facilitate long-term savings for employees and provide financial security during retirement or in case of certain contingencies. All regular full- time employees of WinWire are eligible to participate in the PF program. Both the employee and the Company will make regular contributions to the PF account in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. 4.3 Working Hours and Holidays 4.3.1 Hours of Work: Work timings reflect business requirements. We work five days a week (Monday to Friday). The weekly-off days would be Saturday and Sunday.