policy between August-July of the subsequent year. o The Group Mediclaim Policy covers the employee and also has the provision for including the immediate family members as dependents by paying the additional premium for the dependents as per the slabs applicable for each year under the Coverage. The additional premium, over and above the amount towards premium for medical insurance policy mentioned in the CTC, shall be calculated based on the number of members included in the policy and the premium associated per person for the sum assured opted. The additional premium shall be deducted from the salary payable for August every year (Policy renewal period) and in the joining month in case of new joiners. o New joiners can share their options/ slabs by selecting the members and sum assured in the portal and submitting in the portal. o Employees covered under medical insurance will be provided with a Health card reference number by the TPA to avail the hospitalization benefits. o Terminology used: • Dependents – self, spouse, children & parents. • Siblings and In-laws are NOT covered in the policy. • Hospitalization – requirement to stay in the hospital for 24 hours or more for any medical procedure/treatment. • Exceptions from 24 hours in Hospitalization - Dialysis, Chemotherapy, Radiotherapy, Eye Surgery (Cataract), Lithotripsy (kidney stone removal), D & C, Tonsillectomy, Angiography & treatments of fractures/ dislocations excluding hair-line fractures. • All pre-existing diseases are covered under the policy. Any disease arising out of deficiency / by birth (congenital) will not be considered as Pre-Existing. • Pre-hospitalization & Post-hospitalization expenses are covered. Pre-Hospitalization- Relevant medical expenses- 30 days prior to the admission. • Post-hospitalization- Relevant medical expenses- 60 days from the day of discharge. 6.1.1 Procedure for claims under Mediclaim Insurance (Non-Network Hospitalization Reimbursement) Intimation of the claim should be given to the service provider within 7 days from date of discharge. 19 | P a g e WinWire Technologies © Confidential The insurance company requires the following documents in originals, if the employee opts to use a non-network hospital. - Claim form duly filled (available in GHPL website) - Original Hospital bills / Payment receipts - Discharge certificate/card - Original investigation reports - Original Bills & Receipts for Investigations along with Doctor’s Prescriptions - Original Bills of Pharmacy, Lab, along with corresponding original prescription duly endorsed by the treating Doctor - FIR/MLC in all Medico Legal Cases (case of any accident) - The discharge summary should clearly indicate date of admission, date of discharge, nature of illness / surgery, doctor’s diagnosis, surgeon’s certificate stating nature of operation performed. - All original bills should accompany cash receipts including advance paid receipts. - All original reports of the tests conducted. This must be supported by an attending doctor / surgeon requesting such a pathological test. - Cash memos from the hospital / chemist(s) supported by proper prescriptions. Every bill must have a matching prescription. In case medication is further extended from the period mentioned in the prescription, a doctor’s