copy to the manager during working days, unless there is an emergency, in that case employee has to inform the travel desk team over the phone along with an e-mail to make the necessary arrangements. • Travel desk team will make necessary travel arrangements and communicate the same to employees, along with tickets, reservation details, etc. • Employees who wish to book tickets on their own are allowed to do so. However, the reimbursement will be on actuals or the amount which is lower/at par with the ticket rates as per the employee eligibility mentioned in the above section. • For employees who are travelling for one week or lesser duration, though expenses on conveyance and food can be claimed at actual, the employee should exercise caution and prudence while making local travels. • Expenditure on alcoholic beverages and cigarettes is not reimbursable except in the case of entertaining customer. • Employees should submit their Travel Expenses statement on WinPay along with supporting bills / receipts/ vouchers to accounts department within 7 days of their return to their base location for approval of expenses for the Finance Team to arrange for reimbursement. 9.9.2 International Travel Policy: Definition: 34 | P a g e WinWire Technologies © Confidential Travel to any place outside India for business purposes. Purpose: To outline the rules applicable to employees who are traveling overseas for official purposes. Choice of Airline: The choice of airline will be at the discretion of the travel desk team and will be aimed at efficient and cost-effective travel. Per Diem: Employees travelling on manager’s request to any place outside India will be eligible for the Per Diem, as given in the appendix. Accommodation: Company will take care of necessary accommodation and payments in this regard will be made by the company. Guidelines: Per Diem will be paid to cover food and laundry expenses. Fixed One-time Allowance: Employees traveling outside India for the first time will be eligible for a maximum of Rs.15,000/- towards Attire Allowance and USD 100 towards Orientation Allowance. Entertainment: While on overseas travel on official work, employees will be paid USD 50 per month towards expenses which may be incurred on entertainment purpose. In order to be eligible for this allowance, stay exceeding 15 days abroad will be treated as month. Employees need not necessarily submit supporting documents for orientation allowance of 50$, however expense report should be submitted on WinPay attaching supporting documents for attire allowance. Payments in respect of these allowances/expenses will be made by WinWire, once approved by Manager on WinPay. While on overseas travel, company will arrange transportation and insurance as may be necessary. In case employees would like to avail higher facilities/limits than arranged by company, such additional amounts have to be borne by employees. With a view to enable connectivity while employees travel overseas on office work, company will provide a US SIM, with Vonage facility. Employees are requested to register voice mails and also note that Vonage allows employees to call