a recommendation for appropriate action. o The Committee will normally complete this process and make its formal recommendation within 21 days after receiving the complaint unless there are exceptional circumstances. o In the case of a multi locational context, one of the committee members will travel to the location in question as is required to ascertain the facts based on which the committee would discuss and assess the complaint in question. o Necessary action will then be taken with regard to the offending employee or employees based on the circumstances and seriousness of the offence. o Where the Company is legally advised that any such incident constitutes a criminal offence, the company will inform the relevant authority, provide full details and request appropriate action. If the aggrieved employee directly takes any action, against the offending employee, either civil or criminal, the committee on becoming aware of such action by the aggrieved 29 | P a g e WinWire Technologies © Confidential employee, shall be entitled to suo moto, start the internal enquiry / investigation and recommend appropriate action. o The company will ensure that the career interests of the complainant are not adversely affected by virtue of the individual having drawn attention to such an offence. o In order to ensure that this important matter is not trivialized, any complaint, which, in the opinion of the committee is blatantly false or frivolous or has been motivated by reasons that are clearly unconnected with gender issues, would be viewed very seriously by the Company and appropriate action taken against such complainants. o If the committee receives an anonymous reference related to sexual harassment, it will draw the attention of the concerned manager or department head. The matter will be fully examined by the concerned senior management and its conclusions and plans for necessary action will be communicated to the committee. o Department Heads and concerned manager at all company locations will also be expected to be sensitive to any circumstances or behavior among their colleagues which appear to go against the Company policy on this matter. In case they become aware of any such incidence, they will immediately inform the head of the committee and take appropriate action as advised. o If the Committee arrives at a conclusion that any employee has made false statement or false allegation on someone or has given false evidence or produced any forged or misleading information, the Committee shall recommend to take immediate strict action against the person provided false statement or misleading information, which might lead to termination of employment. 9.4A Anti Retaliation: Retaliation is when negative actions are taken against an employee for filing a complaint, participating in an investigation, or assisting in an inquiry. These actions aim to punish or harm the employee and can include threats, intimidation, disrespectful behavior, harassment, and discrimination. At WinWire, retaliation against employees for reporting or inquiring about wrongful or unlawful activity, or for participating in investigations, is strictly prohibited. Such reporting, inquiries, and participation are considered