submitted on WinPay attaching supporting documents for attire allowance. Payments in respect of these allowances/expenses will be made by WinWire, once approved by Manager on WinPay. While on overseas travel, company will arrange transportation and insurance as may be necessary. In case employees would like to avail higher facilities/limits than arranged by company, such additional amounts have to be borne by employees. With a view to enable connectivity while employees travel overseas on office work, company will provide a US SIM, with Vonage facility. Employees are requested to register voice mails and also note that Vonage allows employees to call India numbers without incurring call charges. Expenses incurred by employees towards commute, fuel, client entertainment, to-and-fro airport to residence/office/hotel will be reimbursed at actuals. An expense report along with supporting documents has to be submitted by employees on WinPay to the reporting manager in US with copy to reporting manager in India for approval. Upon receiving the above approvals, Finance will settle reimburse expenses. In case employees need some advance to 35 | P a g e WinWire Technologies © Confidential meet these expenses, a request for the same duly approved by the reporting manager may be forwarded to finance team for doing the needful. A borderless card will be provided by company when employees travel overseas on office work. Finance team will estimate/calculate the requirement for monthly expenses in advance and load the value to the card in the subsequent month. Employees are advised to ensure that they are appropriately attired while on duty and carry at least one suit/blazer. It is very important to demonstrate professional attitude/approach while representing WinWire. Employees are advised to carry their credit card, valid driving license, and any other personal document considered necessary, while at work overseas. Employees have to make separate claims for INR expenses and USD expenses on WinPay and submit their expense reports together with supporting documents like receipts/bills to Reporting Manager in US with copy to Reporting Manager in India for each calendar month within 7 days. Any personal expenses incurred by employee on overseas travel will not be paid/reimbursed by the Company. Leave/ WFH: Employees traveling to US on B1 visa have to discuss their leave or WFH plan in advance with the onsite coordinator and then submit the Leave/WFH request using Leave Management System(LMS). 36 | P a g e WinWire Technologies © Confidential 10. Leaving the Company 10.1 Notice period o Notice period and pay in lieu of notice period. o Every employee must work for the stipulated notice period, or pay in lieu of the notice period. While in probation, the notice period will be 30 days. The notice period after completing probation will be 60 days across job levels. The notice period is applicable for either party. o The decision to waive the notice period or accept payment in lieu thereof rests with the management. o In cases where the termination is initiated by the company, the employee will be paid the stipulated notice