equipment and software will be provided to enable employees to satisfactorily perform their duties but these assets should be subject to secure control at all times. This is necessary to protect against accidental or intentional loss, unauthorized manipulation, or unauthorized disclosure of information, both within the group and externally. Accordingly, measures will be taken to ensure that protection of equipment and information is upheld. This has resulted in the assignment of accountabilities that are set out below. Weaknesses in information security can expose any company to significant business risks and therefore failure to comply at all times with these obligations may result in disciplinary action. 5.1 Laptop Facility: 5.1.1 Eligibility Specific to the requirements of the job, nature of responsibilities, frequency of travel of the concerned employee and in furtherance of company business the company may provide laptop to certain employees. 5.1.2 Software: Employees using laptop will ensure that only WinWire authorized software is utilized and loaded in the laptop. 5.1.3 Loss of laptop: Employee provided with a laptop will be responsible for its safe-keeping. In case of loss of laptop, the concerned employee will: (a) Inform the IT Department about the loss immediately over phone and email; (b) Inform the concerned manager copying HR and Finance Department as soon as possible. (c) In the event of loss, the employee shall be liable to reimburse the depreciated value of the laptop as carried on the company’s books. 5.1.4 Repair and Maintenance: o In the event the laptop malfunctions, the employee shall notify IT Support and request appropriate repairs. o In case of any physical damage to laptop due to any reason, the employee has to own the responsibility for the same and the cost of the repair will be calculated appropriately and recovered from the employee. 5.1.5 IT Asset(s): o Employees provided with any IT asset(s) has to hand over all of them back to the IT team in good condition. 18 | P a g e WinWire Technologies © Confidential o Employees have to own the responsibility for any damage to any IT asset given to them and the appropriate cost of repair will be recovered from them. 6. Medical Insurance: The company believes in having medical insurance for the employees which can help them in taking care of any unexpected hospitalization and the subsequent expenditure that they have to pay. 6.1 Mediclaim Policy: o This is a yearly policy between August-July of the subsequent year. o The Group Mediclaim Policy covers the employee and also has the provision for including the immediate family members as dependents by paying the additional premium for the dependents as per the slabs applicable for each year under the Coverage. The additional premium, over and above the amount towards premium for medical insurance policy mentioned in the CTC, shall be calculated based on the number of members included in the policy and the premium associated per person for the sum assured opted. The additional premium shall be deducted from the salary payable for