has to get clearance from Admin, HR, IT, Reporting Manager in the prescribed form 10.4 Retirement o The retirement age is 58. The age-proof certificate that is submitted by the employee at the time of appointment shall be final for determining the retirement date. o The last date of the month in which the employee was born is considered as the date of retirement. o The company also reserves the right of retiring an employee prematurely due to health reasons if, the employee is found to be medically unfit to continue in the current assignment. o The payroll section will be advised regarding payment of due to the employee after ensuring clearance from all concerned departments. 10.5 Termination An employee’s services may be terminated due to:- o Lack of job related skills o Inadequate work performance o Questionable character o Indifferent attitude o Integrity issues o Any other reason, which the company believes renders the employee unsuitable for continued employment with the company. o The appointment of an employee is made on the basis of the information supplied by them in their application / resume at the time of interview. Their appointment shall become null and void in case any material error is established at any point of time. In such a case, the employee’s services will be terminated with immediate effect. The clearance formalities will be similar to those applicable for resignations. 10.6 Return of Office Property On cessation of employment with the company, the employee must surrender all company property (laptop, phone, etc.), business related documents, confidential company data or the like which may have been entrusted to the employee. The employee should get a clearance certificate signed by concerned manager, Human Resource Department, Administration and other departments as required. 10.7 Lien on Service An employee who is absent from work without information or without obtaining prior approval of the concerned manager for more than eight consecutive working days will lose his lien on service as this would amount to the employee voluntarily abandoning his employment in the 38 | P a g e WinWire Technologies © Confidential company. The management would strike off the name of the employee from the rolls of the company without any notice to the employee. 10.8 Exit Interview Prior to leaving, an exit interview questionnaire will be circulated and documented by the Human Resource Department. Exit interview questionnaire will be circulated for all employees exiting through formal separation, (resignation and retirement) except dismissal/ termination. The exit interview questionnaire will be applicable to all employees who have the official e-mail IDs. On specific cases the Business HR Managers will conduct the exit interview via Telephone / Video Conference or face to face. 10.9 Full and Final Settlement o Full and Final settlement will be made in 45 days from the last working day only after finance gets necessary clearance from all departments. o HR team will release the exit letters upon receiving the clearances from all the departments without waiting for full and