or feel humiliated or disgraced on the basis of gender differentiation. o Actual sexual assault o As mentioned above, this is an indicative but not an exhaustive list of possible forms of sexual harassment. WinWire Policy on Sexual Harassment The Company policy is to totally prohibit any form of sexual harassment in the way employees behave with each other. This would also include complaints relating to instances outside of the work place. This applies equally to relations between superior and subordinates as well as between peers. Any incident of sexual harassment will be viewed extremely seriously. A complaint or report of sexual harassment will be immediately investigated and appropriate action will be taken against the offending employee or employees. Such action will depend on the nature and seriousness of the offense and will include strict disciplinary action including termination of service. Complaints Handling Process The organization has established the following process to ensure that any incidence of sexual harassment is dealt with appropriately, sensitively and expeditiously. 28 | P a g e WinWire Technologies © Confidential Internal Complaints Committee The Organization has established an Internal Complaints Committee for Sexual Harassment. The names of the members of this Committee and their contact details are given below. Name of contact person Role Contact Number Sujata Das Presiding Officer 7660004532 Subba Rao Internal Member 8886117621 Noor Basha Internal Member 9886043308 Sree Navya K L N Internal Member 8297377793 Madhuri Tudavekar Internal Member 9886187304 Pankaja Huddar Internal Member 9611699866 Pavan Kadumuri Internal Member 8886117620 Process for dealing with incidents of sexual harassment: o Any employee who experiences sexual harassment can get in touch with any member of this Committee whose contact details are provided above for convenient and confidential access. Alternatively, the affected employee may raise their concern to POSH Committee POSHCOMMITTEE@WinWire.com or approach concerned manager, Department Head or HR team member and such person will inform a member of the Committee immediately. o On receipt of such a complaint, the committee will immediately arrange to fully investigate all relevant details of the matter. It will do so with all possible care, sensitivity and discretion while considering the sensibilities of the affected/ harassed employee. The employee or employees, who have allegedly committed the offence, would be given all reasonable opportunities to be heard by the Committee. o The result of this investigation will be formally recorded and communicated to the CEO/CTO, WinWire, along with a recommendation for appropriate action. o The Committee will normally complete this process and make its formal recommendation within 21 days after receiving the complaint unless there are exceptional circumstances. o In the case of a multi locational context, one of the committee members will travel to the location in question as is required to ascertain the facts based on which the committee would discuss and assess the complaint in question. o Necessary action will then be taken with regard to the offending employee or employees based on the circumstances and seriousness of the offence. o Where the Company is