responsibility to disclose any actual or potential conflicts of interest to their reporting manager, or the Human Resources Department. This disclosure should be made promptly upon becoming aware of the conflict or whenever a new conflict arises. 8. Rewards and Recognitions: WinWire believes in creating a competitive work environment, reward those who excel others within the organization and motivate such performances. People First, Technology Leadership 24 | P a g e WinWire Technologies © Confidential and Execution Excellence are three of the core values on which performances of employees will be evaluated before finalizing the deserving winners. 9. Proprietary & Confidential Information and Corporate Policies: 9.1 Proprietary & Confidential Information Given the nature of the Company's business, protecting proprietary and confidential information is of vital concern to the Company. Proprietary information, includes all information, regardless of the form or medium in which it is or was created, stored, reflected or preserved, that is not commonly known by or generally available to the public and that: (i) derives or creates economic value, actual or potential, from not being generally known to, and not being readily ascertainable by proper means by other persons who can obtain economic value from its disclosure or use; and (ii) is the subject of efforts that are reasonable under the circumstances to maintain its secrecy. The Company’s Proprietary Information may include, but is not limited to, all confidential information relating to or reflecting the Company’s research and development plans and activities; compilations of data; product plans; sales, marketing and business plans and strategies; IT System, procedures and policies, pricing, price lists, pricing methodologies and profit margins; personnel; inventions, concepts, ideas, designs and formulae; current, past and prospective customer lists; current, past and anticipated customer needs, preferences and requirements; market studies; computer software and programs (including object code and source code); and computer and database technologies, systems, applications, structures and architectures. Confidential information is any information of the Company, regardless of the form or medium in which it is or was created, stored, reflected or preserved, and includes, but is not limited to, Proprietary Information. Confidential Information may or may not be labeled as “confidential,” and employees are required to treat all information as confidential unless otherwise informed by their supervisor. This Employee Handbook, for example, contains Proprietary Information. All Confidential Information is the sole property of the Company. Employees must not use or disclose any Proprietary or Confidential information they obtain during employment with the Company except as required by their jobs. This obligation remains even after an employee's employment relationship with the Company ends. If an employee is in a position that gives him or her access to particularly sensitive information, the employee may be required to sign a written nondisclosure agreement as a condition of employment. In addition, all employees must observe good security practices. Employees are required to keep Proprietary and Confidential information secure from outside visitors and all other persons who do not have a legitimate reason to see or use such information