of the company. o We will evaluate how we are living up to our code of conduct and business ethics by requesting feedback on a regular basis from our employees. 9.4 Policy on Harassment Free Workplace Introduction: As an organization, WinWire is committed to ensuring that the work environment at all its locations is conducive to fair, safe and harmonious relations between employees. Discrimination and harassment of any type is strictly prohibited. We have a good record of ensuring this culture as part of our existing employee relation practices. Employees are protected from gender discrimination. . We would, however, like to now ensure that there is absolute clarity on the important and sensitive issue of sexual harassment. This note therefore annunciates the company’s approach to the issue of sexual harassment and its policy for dealing with any incidence of the same. Definition of Workplace: Workplace includes: o Any private sector organization or a private venture, undertaking, enterprise, institution, establishment, society, trust, non-governmental organization, unit or service provider carrying on commercial, professional, vocational, educational, entertain mental, industrial, health services or financial activities including production, supply, sale, distribution or service; o Any place visited by the employee (arising out of or during the course of employment, including transportation provided by employer for undertaking such journey). Definition of Issue: 27 | P a g e WinWire Technologies © Confidential A broad definition of sexual harassment consists of any physical or verbal behavior and any form of communication that has unnecessary, improper or unwelcome sexual connotations. Sexual harassment may vary in form depending on circumstances. It may consist of, but not be limited to, any of the following: o Unwelcome sexual advances, requests for sexual favors, display of sexual visuals, sexual audios, pornographic or obscene material and any other verbal or physical conduct of a sexual nature. o Transmitting any message, by mail, telephone, e-mail etc. which is obscene, lewd, suggestive or blatantly sexual in nature. o Any explicit or implicit communication wherein a sexual favor or demand, whether by words or actions, is made a condition for an individual’s employment, career progress, promotion etc. thereby creating a hostile environment. o Sexually charged jokes or remarks and behavior which have sexually oriented innuendoes. o Consistent pattern of unnecessary physical contact, staring or targeting unreasonable attention at an individual in day to day dealings. o Any pervasive pattern of behavior which makes employees uncomfortable, insecure or feel humiliated or disgraced on the basis of gender differentiation. o Actual sexual assault o As mentioned above, this is an indicative but not an exhaustive list of possible forms of sexual harassment. WinWire Policy on Sexual Harassment The Company policy is to totally prohibit any form of sexual harassment in the way employees behave with each other. This would also include complaints relating to instances outside of the work place. This applies equally to relations between superior and subordinates as well as between peers. Any incident of sexual harassment will be viewed extremely seriously. A complaint or report