Confidential information they obtain during employment with the Company except as required by their jobs. This obligation remains even after an employee's employment relationship with the Company ends. If an employee is in a position that gives him or her access to particularly sensitive information, the employee may be required to sign a written nondisclosure agreement as a condition of employment. In addition, all employees must observe good security practices. Employees are required to keep Proprietary and Confidential information secure from outside visitors and all other persons who do not have a legitimate reason to see or use such information 25 | P a g e WinWire Technologies © Confidential 9.2 Non Hiring and Non Solicitation Employee acknowledges and agrees, that during the employment period and for twelve (12) months after the end of employment for any reason, Employee shall not, directly or indirectly: (i) solicit the clients seeking employment or accept any offer of employment from the client, either part time or full time, temporary or permanent, from the clients engaged with the Company at present or in past 6 months (ii) interfere with, divert or attempt to divert, or take any other action that may cause the clients to terminate or adversely alter its relationship with the Company; or (iii) provide any services to the clients (iv) enter into any employment, consultant or contractual relationship with the clients. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, the restrictions set forth in this Section above shall apply, including but not limited to employees performed services for the client, during the employment period. If Employee breaches this Section, Employer shall be entitled to all damages resulting from each and every individual breach, in addition to any other remedies, including equitable remedies, that Employer may have. 9.3 Business Ethics & Code of Conduct: We are often asked about business ethics at WinWire. Ethics, as you are all aware, means doing the right thing, all the time, at any cost. Doing the right thing, no matter the consequence to us. Remembering there is no right way to do the wrong thing. More as a guideline, we have attempted here to capture some key points around business ethics at WinWire. At all times: o We produce bills only when the expenses have been incurred by us, and only to the extent of the actual expense. For example, if we incur an expense of Rs. 800/- while travelling from office to client place, and the policy allows the employee to claim up to Rs. 1000/- on actuals, we claim Rs. 800/-. o We produce original bills which we collect from the vendor. We should insist the vendors to provide us with bills that have complete information.. We should avoid accepting bills that carry incomplete information and refrain from making an attempt to complete it by ourselves. o In the records we furnish to the company, we provide correct & complete information about our previous employment, education and compensation. o We avoid accepting any gifts directly or indirectly