information, the Committee shall recommend to take immediate strict action against the person provided false statement or misleading information, which might lead to termination of employment. 9.4A Anti Retaliation: Retaliation is when negative actions are taken against an employee for filing a complaint, participating in an investigation, or assisting in an inquiry. These actions aim to punish or harm the employee and can include threats, intimidation, disrespectful behavior, harassment, and discrimination. At WinWire, retaliation against employees for reporting or inquiring about wrongful or unlawful activity, or for participating in investigations, is strictly prohibited. Such reporting, inquiries, and participation are considered protected activities. Applicable laws also prohibit retaliation by other employees or by the Company itself for participating in any investigation, proceeding, or hearing. This policy also applies to whistleblowers, who expose illegal, unethical, or incorrect activities within the Company. However, it doesn't cover complaints made with ulterior motives or without evidence. Any instances of retaliation should be reported to the Human Resources Department, or other authorized officers. Reports will be promptly and thoroughly investigated, and substantiated cases may result in disciplinary action, including termination. If an employee believes they are facing retaliation, they should directly raise their concerns with their reporting manager or the HR department. All complaints must be made in good faith, providing honest and truthful 30 | P a g e WinWire Technologies © Confidential information. Violations of this policy may lead to disciplinary action, including termination, in accordance with the applicable laws. 9.5 Safety Guidelines for Women Employees at work place: In WinWire, we believe that safety of our women employees is very important and we ensure that all arrangements are made to create a safe, un-biased and women-friendly environment. Some of the rules that are followed in our offices currently, with respect to the safely of all our employees and women in particular: o If there is any extension to working hours, the employee needs to get an approval from the department head stating the time she would like to extend including the reason with intimation to local admin in-charge. o Administration in-charge to be informed about it one day in advance in normal cases and two hours in advance to office hours in case of emergency. o Administration to intimate security in the office about the stay of particular employee in the office. o Admin department to book a cab for drop of women employees from official travel agent. o Details of cab, driver to be registered in the register along with a photo copy of driver’s ID and a signature need to be obtained from driver in the register. o In case of women and men employees are getting dropped in the same cab, women employee to be dropped first and men employees last, to ensure women employees reach home safe. o Women employees shall inform administration in-charge of the branch post reaching home. o Women employees are advised to save the mobile numbers of admin in-charges, local police station, women protection cell