fairly. It is important for the company to demonstrate that disciplinary decisions are fair and reasonable and taken under established procedures and legal practices. The company is committed to: o Ensure disciplinary action is used as a last resort. o Ensure concerned managers are fully confident in dealing with the company’s disciplinary procedures and take ownership for the decisions taken. o Ensure employees understand the procedures and view them as open and fair. o Encourage concerned managers to treat the staff objectively and consistently. o Consider termination / dismissal as a last resort, when all attempts to encourage improvements have failed or when a deliberate act of gross misconduct has been committed. o Given below is an illustrative, but not exhaustive, list of misconducts. Employee would become liable for disciplinary action if any of the following misconduct(s) is/are committed during the course of employment: 22 | P a g e WinWire Technologies © Confidential - Absence from work without prior sanction/beyond approval for more than three days at a time. - Frequent unauthorized absence from work. - Smoking in “prohibited” areas. - Indulging in unruly behavior. - Misusing the facilities or company property. - Damaging or mutilating the facilities or company property. - Refusing to do the allotted work. - Willful disobedience of the reasonable instructions of the concerned manager. - Using abusive or derogatory language against fellow colleagues or superiors or anyone connected with the company business. - Commission of any act which is subversive. - Theft, fraud or dishonesty in connection with the Company business. - Willful dereliction of duty. - Willful negligence and carelessness in the performance of work. - Repeated late-coming. - Willful misrepresentation of facts. - Misleading employees by distorting information. - Destroying or falsifying company records including employee pay-slips and employment offers. - Working part-time or full time for another employer, whether for remuneration or otherwise, while on the rolls of the Company. - Violation of the confidentiality and non-disclosure agreement signed with the company. - Unauthorized sharing of company’s information to outsiders. - Not protecting confidential information and sharing it with anyone inside or outside of the business. 7.7 Procedure for dealing with employee committing misconduct: (a) Employees committing any form of misconduct will be dealt with in the following manner: o If the misconduct committed is not serious in nature, the concerned manager, Local HR will address the employee with a ‘Warning’ letter, clearly outlining the misconduct and advising the employee to restrain from committing such or similar misconducts in future and an entry will be made in the personal file. o If the misconduct committed pertains to unauthorized absence from work, the following will be the course of action: - Warning letter from the concerned manager - Show cause notices for disengagement of service - Termination Letter (b) If the misconduct committed is serious in nature, the following procedures will be adopted: o Issue a letter to the employee seeking explanation. o If explanation is not satisfactory, form a committee consisting