in the fiscal or the leave balance whichever is less will be carried forward to next financial year; For the purposes of calculation total accrued leaves includes the leaves which have been carry forwarded from the previous fiscal. o After carryforward, depending on the leaves still pending in the leave balance, upto 10 leaves will be encashed. For the purpose of calculation leave encashment will be on basic salary only. The leave balance after encashment if any will lapse. 4.4.5 Maternity Leave: o Women employees will be eligible for maternity benefits in accordance with the Maternity Act. o Women employees will be given a guidelines document on Maternity leave for their reference. 4.4.6 Paternity Leave: o Male employees in WinWire are entitled to Paternity Leave for number of working days mentioned in the table below, per child, immediately following the birth. o It can be availed with the approval of the concerned manager. o This benefit is restricted to only the first two children. Completed Years of Experience in WinWire No. of Working days Less than 5 3 5 to 9 6 10 and above 9 4.4.7 Long Leave Policy: o All leaves that are applied for more than 15 continuous working days to be considered as long leaves and to be approved on LoP only. Leave balance available in such case can be used after the employee reports back to the work. o Employee cannot club the regular leaves with long leaves and use them in continuation either before starting long leave or after long leave. o In case of Long leave of more than 15 working days, LoP includes Saturday, Sunday and Holiday coming in between o In case of LoP for more than 15 working days in single month no leave credit will happen for the month o In case of leave applied for 15 or less working days, salary will be paid if there is sufficient leave balance. In case the leave balance is insufficient, then salary will be paid for the days available in leave balance and also for the Saturday, Sunday and Holiday coming in between 16 | P a g e WinWire Technologies © Confidential and after that Loss of Pay will be done for the remaining day along with the Saturday, Sunday and Holiday coming in between and following these leaves till the employee reports back. o In case of leave applied for 15 or less working days and employee is using the future leaves (Maximum of 5 working days) on approval, then the salary will be paid for those days including Saturday, Sunday and Holiday coming in between and after that it will be LoP till the employee reports back to the work. o If the long leave is split between two leave calculation cycles, then LoP will be done in the month/s in which the employee has negative leave balance. o This policy is not applicable for women employees going on maternity leave. 4.4.8 Exceptions to the leave policy o