WinWire Technologies © Confidential 4.2.2 Provident Fund: The purpose of the Provident Fund (PF) is to facilitate long-term savings for employees and provide financial security during retirement or in case of certain contingencies. All regular full- time employees of WinWire are eligible to participate in the PF program. Both the employee and the Company will make regular contributions to the PF account in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. 4.3 Working Hours and Holidays 4.3.1 Hours of Work: Work timings reflect business requirements. We work five days a week (Monday to Friday). The weekly-off days would be Saturday and Sunday. However, the shift timings may vary in accordance with the operational/project requirements as notified by the concerned manager from time to time. The General Shift timings are 9.30 AM to 6.30 PM. 4.3.2 Flexible Working Hours: Depending on job requirements and special circumstances, there may be a need for flexibility in timings. The concerned manager and employee will work out mutually agreeable schedules. 4.3.3 Work from Home Policy: Depending on job requirements and special circumstances, employees may be allowed to work from home with due authorization from the concerned manager, as per company policy. For availing work from home facility, employees are required to: a) Submit “Work From Home” request to the manager at least one day in advance using Leave Management System(LMS). b) In case of emergency, employees to inform the Manager and apply in LMS before starting work. c) It is mandatory for employees to obtain approval from the concerned manager. d) It is mandatory for employees to mention plan of the day in the task planned section with clearly defined tasks and objectives which are measurable work activities. e) It is mandatory for employees to be available online on Teams, Skype, Emails and Mobile during working hours as operationally required. f) Managers to provide necessary guidance to the employees who are availing more than 4 work from homes in a month. g) Long term WFH (Continuous WFH of one week or more) needs to have Department Head approval. 13 | P a g e WinWire Technologies © Confidential h) WFH option is not available for Contractors, Trainees and SDEs (unless approved by Manager). i) Managers have full authority to Reject the WFH request, in case the availability of the resource in office is required. j) Employees wishing to avail WFH due to ill-health are required to opt for Leave/PTO unless requested by the Manager to work from home. k) Work From Home cannot be availed during the notice period after submitting the resignation. Additionally, to ensure minimum disruptions to our customers businesses, please make sure of the below aspects: • Everyone working from home must ensure they have proper infrastructure including laptops, internet connection, Dongles, Security tokens, VPN, Access to internal and client/project specific systems. • Ensure complete transparency in Customer Communication and inform them about WFH, share status updates on regular basis and follow defined Customer protocols and processes. • Ensure to follow the process of