letter, clearly outlining the misconduct and advising the employee to restrain from committing such or similar misconducts in future and an entry will be made in the personal file. o If the misconduct committed pertains to unauthorized absence from work, the following will be the course of action: - Warning letter from the concerned manager - Show cause notices for disengagement of service - Termination Letter (b) If the misconduct committed is serious in nature, the following procedures will be adopted: o Issue a letter to the employee seeking explanation. o If explanation is not satisfactory, form a committee consisting of the concerned manager, Local HR to probe the matter and submit a report. The committee shall have the authority 23 | P a g e WinWire Technologies © Confidential to take witness statements and would also provide an opportunity to the concerned employee to submit his/her defense in writing. If the concerned employee requests an opportunity to appear in person, it may be granted. o Based on the outcome of the report, the Heads [of the Department and Human Resources] would take appropriate action against the employee. 7.8 Conflict of Interest: A conflict of interest arises when an employee's personal interests or activities could hinder their ability to make unbiased decisions and prioritize the best interests of the Company. Such conflicts can compromise professional ethics, undermine the integrity of business decisions, and negatively impact the Company's reputation. Identifying Potential Conflicts of Interest: Employees should be aware of activities or relationships that may create or give the appearance of a conflict of interest. Some examples include but are not limited to: 1. Financial Interests: Holding a significant ownership interest or financial stake in a competitor, supplier, or customer of the Company. 2. Outside Employment: Engaging in employment or consulting work with a competitor, supplier, or customer that may compromise the employee's ability to fulfill their duties to the company. 3. Personal Relationships: Participating in business decisions involving family members, close friends, or romantic partners. 4. Gifts and Entertainment: Accepting gifts, hospitality, or other favors that may influence business decisions or create a perception of bias. 5. Insider Information: Using non-public information for personal gain or sharing such information with others. 6. Dual Loyalties: Engaging in activities that conflict with the best interests of the company or interfere with the employee's ability to perform their job duties effectively. Employees have a responsibility to disclose any actual or potential conflicts of interest to their reporting manager, or the Human Resources Department. This disclosure should be made promptly upon becoming aware of the conflict or whenever a new conflict arises. 8. Rewards and Recognitions: WinWire believes in creating a competitive work environment, reward those who excel others within the organization and motivate such performances. People First, Technology Leadership 24 | P a g e WinWire Technologies © Confidential and Execution Excellence are three of the core values on which performances of employees will be evaluated before finalizing the deserving winners. 9. Proprietary &