reserves the right to modify, suspend, or terminate any of the policies, procedures, and/or benefits described in the handbook, with or without prior notice to employees. Best Wishes 7 | P a g e WinWire Technologies © Confidential 2. Mission and Core Values 2.1 Mission Mission Statement: Making Information Actionable™ The amount of data available for Enterprises to process and make sense out of continues to grow at an astounding rate. At the same time, cycle time of innovation continues to shrink and ability to take fast decisions continues to be in high demand. In this context, WinWire believes that making sense out of the high amount of data, converting it into information and making that information actionable throughout the organization is key to an Enterprise’s success in the new emerging Mobile-Cloud world. WinWire’s mission is to help organizations build solutions that make information actionable! 2.2 Core Values: WinWire fosters an environment of creativity, fun, openness, and mutual respect. We defined the company’s core values in the very early stages of its inception and has been steadfast in ensuring that its employees, clients, partners and all those associated with the company benefit from it. The WinWire team looks to these values to guide them in executing the day-to-day operations of the company. WinWire believes in fostering a people first culture, where employees are the focus. We ensure that our employees’ needs are met, they feel appreciated, they are paid well and treated fairly, they are encouraged to continuously improve, they understand their expectations, they have the right tools for the job and they are recognized, coached and mentored versus being pushed and bullied. We believe that motivated employees deliver better value to the clients. WinWire is dedicated to nurture superior technical talent to reform the way of doing business, inspiring new strategies, revolutionizing the research-and- development, and ultimately transforming the whole process of technology growth and development itself. To comprehend and manage the complex culture of information technology, WinWire is committed to develop a competent team for the progression of technology ecosystem. We strongly believe in developing a customized approach to drive continuous improvement & effective process excellence. Our proprietary delivery framework (WinDFx and InSync) comprises of tools, processes and templates that result in successful, predictable & repeatable solutions to our customers. We target & prioritize our actions to understand the close relationship between our corporate vision & values; core offerings & services; the processes that deliver them; organization's capabilities, strategy, people, and the operations' processes. People First Technology Leadership Execution Excellence 8 | P a g e WinWire Technologies © Confidential 9 | P a g e WinWire Technologies © Confidential 3. Business Conduct Guidelines These guidelines apply to all employees of WinWire. As WinWire employees, we are expected to carry out the Company's business with honesty, integrity and high ethical standards, and in compliance with the laws and regulations of the region/locations in which we conduct business. These standards must govern our conduct when making decisions which affect