(case of any accident) - The discharge summary should clearly indicate date of admission, date of discharge, nature of illness / surgery, doctor’s diagnosis, surgeon’s certificate stating nature of operation performed. - All original bills should accompany cash receipts including advance paid receipts. - All original reports of the tests conducted. This must be supported by an attending doctor / surgeon requesting such a pathological test. - Cash memos from the hospital / chemist(s) supported by proper prescriptions. Every bill must have a matching prescription. In case medication is further extended from the period mentioned in the prescription, a doctor’s note / new prescription is required. - In case of manual cash receipts, the stamp and signature of the concerned hospital authority is required. - Submit all these documents with the filled-in claim form and signature. 6.1.2 Maternity Claims: o The insurance cover is effective from the date of joining. o New born babies are covered for the first 90 days under the mother’s maternity limits only. Thereafter, employees have to get the baby’s name included by sending a mail to HR. o Treatment taken in hospital/ nursing home for confinement (only first 2 children, i.e., a person will not be able to claim for third delivery even if he/she has not claimed for the first two deliveries). o Benefits payable to the employee will depend on the Sum Insured option chosen by the employee. o Pre Hospitalization and post hospitalization expenses are not covered for maternity claims. o Expenses incurred in connection with voluntary medical termination of pregnancy during the first 12 weeks from date of conception are NOT covered. o The insured will furnish any additional information and assistance to the insurance company/ service provider in the process of dealing with the claim. 20 | P a g e WinWire Technologies © Confidential 7.0 Working Environment 7.1 Employee Records: o Employee records will be maintained by the Human Resources Department. o Employees will be required to update their mailing address and contact number(s) as and when a change occurs in this regard. o Communications sent to the employee to the last known mailing address (as provided by the employee) would be considered as his/her active mailing address. 7.2 Dress Code: It is important that employees project a professional image of the company. The following guidelines are provided for better understanding of the dress code of all and are not intended to be discriminatory. Male team members Business formals, business casuals, casuals and shoes as footwear from Monday to Friday. Slippers & Floaters not allowed. Female team members Business formals, business casuals, casuals and shoes as footwear from Monday to Friday. Slippers & Floaters not allowed. 7.3 Gifts from External Bodies: Employees should ensure that any acceptance of gifts is not an inducement to buy or keep business. 7.4 No Smoking/Alcohol at Work: WinWire endeavors to provide a healthy workplace for employees. All offices of WinWire are smoke free. Smoking is strictly prohibited in all areas inside the office