offerings & services; the processes that deliver them; organization's capabilities, strategy, people, and the operations' processes. People First Technology Leadership Execution Excellence 8 | P a g e WinWire Technologies © Confidential 9 | P a g e WinWire Technologies © Confidential 3. Business Conduct Guidelines These guidelines apply to all employees of WinWire. As WinWire employees, we are expected to carry out the Company's business with honesty, integrity and high ethical standards, and in compliance with the laws and regulations of the region/locations in which we conduct business. These standards must govern our conduct when making decisions which affect WinWire. 3.1 Equal Employment It is the policy of WinWire to provide for and promote equal employment opportunity without discrimination based on race, creed, color, religion, national origin, gender, disability and marital status. In order to manage our people openly, honestly, and develop a bond of trust, we plan to adopt the following measures: o Ensure that at all times, in every aspect of employment, everybody receives the same treatment without any discrimination as mentioned above. o Implement procedures for effectively resolving any complaints alleging discrimination. o Ensure that the responsible Management Team understands the essence of providing equal opportunities at work. 3.2 Background Verification Check WinWire will only employ individuals who meet our job requirements and have a proven track record of achievement and reliability in their former jobs. WinWire will be conducting background verification checks of the employee based on data furnished by him/her. Unsatisfactory references: WinWire reserves the right to initiate suitable action (including termination of employment) against anyone with unsatisfactory references or upon receiving negative reference check. 3.3 Employee Referral Program The objective of the program is to encourage employees to refer suitable individuals for open positions in the company and reward employees making successful referrals. Eligibility: All active employees shall be eligible for a referral bonus if referral policy is applicable at the time of submission and if any individual they refer to the company is hired. 10 | P a g e WinWire Technologies © Confidential Procedure: Recruitment team shall notify employees of vacant positions internally. Employees to send in the referral’s CVs to rockstars@winwire.com with the respective job role. Referrals to clearly mention or specify the employee’s name and employee number at the interview stage and while completing his/her joining formalities. Referral Bonus and Payout: The referring employee will receive a referral bonus after referred candidate is hired and remains an active employee for 1 month. The referral payout will be made only if the thread/chain/trail mail of the communication exists in the rockstars@winwire.com inbox. The referral bonus payable for different types of job roles will be decided from time to time in company’ s sole discretion. 11 | P a g e WinWire Technologies © Confidential 4. Terms of Employment To ensure that WinWire continues to be regarded as a quality employer who attracts, motivates and retains the best people, we recognize the need to offer attractive and competitive terms and conditions