Apart from not being paid for the period of Unauthorized Absence, the employee will be subjected to disciplinary action as deemed fit by the Company. Before the completion of 12 months, if the employee is absent from work without providing a valid explanation or notifying the Company for a period of more than 5 days, their absence will be treated as “Unpaid Leave” until they resume their service and provide a valid explanation for their absence. After 7 days from the date of “Unpaid Leave”, the employee is deemed to have absconded and thereby, WinWire reserves the right to terminate the employee’s services in addition to any remedies available to WinWire under applicable laws and regulations against such employee. Post termination, if they fail to reimburse WinWire, in accordance with the Recovery and Unauthorized Absence clause under the Offer Letter within 15 days from date of Termination, appropriate legal proceedings may be initiated against them in accordance with the Governing Law clause specified under the Offer Letter. 4.4.4 Leave Rules: All employees on the rolls of WinWire are entitled to leave. The leave rules have been formulated to enable employees to maintain a healthy work life balance and have following Provisions: o Employees joining after 1st April of a given year will be credited a proportionate number of days of leave. The entire month will be counted for the purpose of crediting leaves for those employees joining on or before 10th of each month. One day leave will be credited for those joining between 11th and 20th of each month. For employees joining on or after 21st of a month, leaves will be credited from the subsequent month onwards. o After six months of employment, the employee can borrow up to 5 leaves from the upcoming three months in addition to the leave accrued. o Holidays falling as prefix &/or suffix and in between the leave period will not be counted as leave. o Employees should apply for leave at least three days in advance using Leave Management System(LMS). o Leave cannot be availed during the notice period after submitting the resignation. o Employee to set “Out Of Office” during leave period a) Leave Carryforward & Leave Encashment: 15 | P a g e WinWire Technologies © Confidential o At the end of the fiscal year depending on the leave balance the employee has, 25 % of total accrued leaves in the fiscal or the leave balance whichever is less will be carried forward to next financial year; For the purposes of calculation total accrued leaves includes the leaves which have been carry forwarded from the previous fiscal. o After carryforward, depending on the leaves still pending in the leave balance, upto 10 leaves will be encashed. For the purpose of calculation leave encashment will be on basic salary only. The leave balance after encashment if any will lapse. 4.4.5 Maternity Leave: o Women employees will be eligible for maternity benefits in accordance with the Maternity Act. o Women employees