employees from official travel agent. o Details of cab, driver to be registered in the register along with a photo copy of driver’s ID and a signature need to be obtained from driver in the register. o In case of women and men employees are getting dropped in the same cab, women employee to be dropped first and men employees last, to ensure women employees reach home safe. o Women employees shall inform administration in-charge of the branch post reaching home. o Women employees are advised to save the mobile numbers of admin in-charges, local police station, women protection cell of police in fast dial mode in mobile phones so that they can quickly access them in case of emergency (numbers are given below). o In case of women employees officially travelling out of station early in the morning/ late evenings, women employees to be provided drop to airport/railway station/bus station and pick up from destination by office cab or official cab agency, cab driver’s name and number to be given to them in advance. 9.6 Social Media Policy: o Employees are not permitted to utilize the Company's electronic resources for personal social media activity. Further, employees are also not allowed to maintain an active connection to or stream any social media site. o Employee’s social media activity is subject to all pertinent Company policies, including, but not limited to, the Equal Employment, Discrimination and Harassment Policy, and other personal conduct policies. o Employees are prohibited from sharing any content or images on social media platforms that are vulgar, obscene, threatening, intimidating, knowingly or recklessly false, or in violation of the Company's policies regarding discrimination, harassment, or hostility based on legally protected characteristics such as race, age, or disability. Making knowingly or recklessly false statements about the Company's services, as well as the services of its customers, vendors, or competitors, is also not permitted. Furthermore, you should refrain from posting any content, 31 | P a g e WinWire Technologies © Confidential images, or videos that identify you as a Company employee and depict you engaging in illegal activities, including acts of violence or the illegal use of drugs, or any conduct that violates any Company policy. o To reduce the risk of identity theft, stalking, and similar criminal conduct, you should not disclose personally identifying information (such as Aadhar numbers, credit or debit card numbers or financial account numbers) of the Company’s employees, customers, or vendors. o No employee is authorized to provide any articles / interviews / or any other material to the press or any other media i.e. Newspapers, TV, social media, blogs, websites or any other online communities irrespective of the subject without prior approval from HR Department. o This does not include articles of personal nature as long as the Company's name, logo, trademark or proprietary graphics are not mentioned or brought up in any way. The employees shall create a disclaimer clause that highlights opinions of employees should always be associated with the employee