for 15 or less working days and employee is using the future leaves (Maximum of 5 working days) on approval, then the salary will be paid for those days including Saturday, Sunday and Holiday coming in between and after that it will be LoP till the employee reports back to the work. o If the long leave is split between two leave calculation cycles, then LoP will be done in the month/s in which the employee has negative leave balance. o This policy is not applicable for women employees going on maternity leave. 4.4.8 Exceptions to the leave policy o All leave except leave arising out of illness or emergencies must be applied in advance. o Such normal leave exceeding three calendar days must be applied at least seven calendar days in advance of the leave period. o Unanticipated leave must be telephonically intimated to the immediate supervisor and in their absence to the concerned manager at the earliest on the day of leave. o In such a case, employees are required to inform to the concerned manager and HR department on availing leave and communicate the same to HR /Payroll department. 4.4.9 Loss of Pay – Salary: o An employee may apply for leave on Loss of Pay (LOP) in certain exigent circumstances where the employee has completely utilized his/her eligible leaves. o The exigent circumstances will include the following: • Illness or an accident to the employee or an immediate family member. • Examination or study leave. • Any natural disaster or calamity or strike which will prevent the employee from attending the office. o The employee seeking to take leave on LOP must immediately inform and take approval from the concerned manager and should inform HR. 4.5 Career Mobility and Transfer Transfer is an integral part of the employment contract and will be used to meet exigencies of work. Every employee shall be liable to be transferred from one place to other, from one department to another whether located in the same place or elsewhere either existing at the time these rules come into force or come into existence and is set up in future. Management may depute any employee for outstation duty within India or US in connection with the work or business of WinWire and its clients with advance intimation. 17 | P a g e WinWire Technologies © Confidential 5. Company Asset Policy: Computer equipment and software will be provided to enable employees to satisfactorily perform their duties but these assets should be subject to secure control at all times. This is necessary to protect against accidental or intentional loss, unauthorized manipulation, or unauthorized disclosure of information, both within the group and externally. Accordingly, measures will be taken to ensure that protection of equipment and information is upheld. This has resulted in the assignment of accountabilities that are set out below. Weaknesses in information security can expose any company to significant business risks and therefore failure to comply at all times with these obligations