of the Company’s employees, customers, or vendors. o No employee is authorized to provide any articles / interviews / or any other material to the press or any other media i.e. Newspapers, TV, social media, blogs, websites or any other online communities irrespective of the subject without prior approval from HR Department. o This does not include articles of personal nature as long as the Company's name, logo, trademark or proprietary graphics are not mentioned or brought up in any way. The employees shall create a disclaimer clause that highlights opinions of employees should always be associated with the employee and not the Company. o Any misuse of this clause can lead to disciplinary action, up to and including both termination and legal action. 9.7 Administration Security Policy o It is mandatory for all employees to have their ID cards worn/ displayed at all times during their presence at the office regularly. o All Contract employees need to compulsorily wear/ display the respective ID card as provided by WinWire. o It is also important to wear / display the ID card during client visits/ representations o In case the ID card is lost, the employee needs to immediately report to the respective Admin team/ Front Office personnel requesting for temporary ID card and place request for a new ID card. o Temporary card shall not be issued continuously beyond 10-12 working days. o Temporary card should to be collected and returned to the Admin/Front office/ security personnel by EOB on daily basis. o New joinee has to mandatorily wear the temporary ID card by making necessary entries at the front office till the permanent ID card is issued by the Admin Team. o Employees shall be responsible for their personal belonging within the company premises and shall ensure that all valuable personal belongings kept locked at all times. The company shall not be responsible for any loss or theft of employee’s personal belongings within its premises. 9.8 Visitors to WinWire All personal visitors need to be received / met at the reception lobby. The floors / cabins / workstations are off limits to them. They may be taken to the cafeteria after signing in the visitors register and obtaining a “Visitor” ID card. Visitors from clients / external agencies / vendors should sign in the visitors register, obtain a “Visitor” ID card and should subsequently be allowed to enter the office. 32 | P a g e WinWire Technologies © Confidential Interview candidates will be provided with a ‘Visitor” ID card and will be guided to the respective interview hall / cabin. From here they will be under the guidance of the recruitment / selection team. 9.9 Business Travel: This guideline aims at outlining the rules for reimbursement of reasonable expenses incurred by employees of WinWire during travel on official work. The travel program does not provide for an element of profit and is not intended to build status through expensive travel modes. 9.9.1 Domestic Travel Policy: Definition: Travel to