not intended to be discriminatory. Male team members Business formals, business casuals, casuals and shoes as footwear from Monday to Friday. Slippers & Floaters not allowed. Female team members Business formals, business casuals, casuals and shoes as footwear from Monday to Friday. Slippers & Floaters not allowed. 7.3 Gifts from External Bodies: Employees should ensure that any acceptance of gifts is not an inducement to buy or keep business. 7.4 No Smoking/Alcohol at Work: WinWire endeavors to provide a healthy workplace for employees. All offices of WinWire are smoke free. Smoking is strictly prohibited in all areas inside the office premises, including toilets, pantry, corridors, landings and stairwells. o Smoking is permitted only in the smoking zone earmarked for the purpose. o Consumption of alcoholic beverages or any other intoxicants is strictly prohibited within the premises of the company. o Visitors on the premises of the company are also required to observe this rule and their host will ensure compliance. 21 | P a g e WinWire Technologies © Confidential 7.5 Grievances We try to make every effort to ensure that our employee’s work life is trouble-free; however there may be times when problems occur. In these situations it may be necessary for the employee to use the ‘grievance’ procedure, which provides a fair and logical way of solving problems. It is a quick process and it is in the interest of both parties to resolve the differences amicably and quickly. Grievances can be grouped under three heads: • Terms and Conditions • Discrimination and Harassment • General The steps involved in resolution of grievances are: Step 1: Escalate to concerned manager with a copy to local HR. Concerned manager should resolve the issue within 10 working days from the date of receipt of the grievance. Step 2: If the grievance is not resolved or the employee is not satisfied with the way the grievance is resolved, the same may be escalated to the Department Head and also to the Head of Human Resources. Step 3: The Department Head and the Head of Human Resources will study the grievance and hear the employee. They will also talk to the concerned managers involved in the process and then communicate the final decision to the employee. The grievance stands resolved and closed at this stage. 7.6 Disciplinary Matters In matters of discipline, the company will ensure that the employee has been treated fairly. It is important for the company to demonstrate that disciplinary decisions are fair and reasonable and taken under established procedures and legal practices. The company is committed to: o Ensure disciplinary action is used as a last resort. o Ensure concerned managers are fully confident in dealing with the company’s disciplinary procedures and take ownership for the decisions taken. o Ensure employees understand the procedures and view them as open and fair. o Encourage concerned managers to treat the staff objectively and consistently. o Consider termination / dismissal as a last resort, when all attempts to encourage improvements have